when I meet men who date much younger
women like this my assumption about the
men isn't that they're creepy because
and how do you define good what does
that really mean assumption what the men
is that they're stupid relationships are
about a lot more than physical
attraction and sex they're also about
being colleagues and washing the dishes
together and cooking together and
talking together and your common
political views and values there's a lot
that goes into it part of the reason for
this kind of over-the-top vitriolic
discourse about everything from women's
rights to misogyny is because we don't
want to use maybe a more blunt word like
stupidity I mean let's let's call what
it is dating an 18 year old when you're
33 is stupid but then of course this of
course
Mobe magically reinvents this into an
opportunity to preach the vegan message
as as we all would if I got caught
sleeping with one of the cast members of
Game of Thrones you know you know this
is where I take it I feel like oh hey
thanks for your interest in my sex
scandal let me tell you about our Lord
and Savior and of course you know the
Internet provides us with a nearly
infinite series of people lining up to
with all due self-importance past their
high-handed judgment on Moby tell us
what what a terrible human being is is
my favorite very short quote quote I
followed you for animal rights I'm
unfollowing you for women's rights if if
it were a conservative right-wing
Republican Christian senator who said
that he feels his 18 year old daughter
doesn't have the right to sleep with a
famous musician a famous rock star and
that at the top that's what Moby was he
was that she was an 18 year old that she
was an actress she was also wealthy
she had agency she had a choice okay but
if some stereotypical right-wing
conservatives to that what what side of
the argument would women's rights beyond
I'm so wait does anyone else remember
when there was literally a parade in Los
Angeles called [ __ ] walk we were
supposed to be moving past this like
there were all kinds of disadvantages to
the third wave feminist view of life on
planet earth but I thought that one of
the advantages was that we understood
that women having the choice of who they
want to sleep with which is gonna
include
looking back and regretting it sometimes
twenty years later but that's on the
woman's right side of you honey
so with absolute seriousness I [ __ ] you
for animal rights I'm unfollowing you
for women's rights okay so more a more
moderate voice coming out of the
cacophony oMFG why are you trying to
deflect at the end of so hard so the
deflection is of course vegan lifestyle
activism at its finest this is how to
turn your stupid memoir about seducing a
teenage movie star into propaganda for
the movement that's he's deflecting no
okay but it's it's a huge part of his
current Instagram it's a small part of
his memoir but it's a huge part of his
current vegan activist like while this
car diversity is going on he's filming
himself at the US House of Congress or
something he's going and like lobbying
the American government nobody cares
nobody cares what we do people just want
to hear about somebody you banged 20
years ago people wanna hear but a love
affair you had in 1999 that's it
oMFG what are you trying to deflect at
the end is so hard this has nothing to
do with anything else you've been called
out for misogyny
the first comment led us to question the
meaning of women's rights in 2013 now we
have to question the meaning of misogyny
so I mean the fundamental hatred against
them here is based on the misconception
that Mobe is way less attractive than
Natalie Portman like it's not even the
age gap it's like the perceived
attractiveness gap that's really what
people are hating on for guys it's it's
illusion versus reality time I'm sorry
to do this to you okay just just take a
look I'm sorry guys if I do I do
actually have some viewers who listening
to this podcasts I have some visually
impaired viewers I'm sorry there's no
way I can communicate to you other than
showing you the contrast between these
four this is the reality of who Natalie
Portman really is no no it's it's a
perversion the idea that Natalie Portman
is fundamentally too good for a movie
but again even if she is too good it's
irrelevant it's her choice people fall
in love for all kinds of reasons despite
all kinds of barriers between them maybe
one's rich and ones poor or maybe one's
beautiful and what's ugly whatever it
may be okay you may say from your
perspective he's too old for you or he's
too ugly for you it's not your choice
misogyny it's nothing look sir a lot of
these words okay at least the misogyny
is more honest than creepy I think the
real problem with with creep and creepy
is a lack of accuracy nobody can ever
defend themselves against because it's
never it's never particular enough it's
not clear what you really mean in this
case I think it's misleading and false
but misogyny that it was misogyny for
him to sleep with her and apparently
misogyny for him to mention it because
it really is just mentioned in his
autobiography written about 20 years
later okay don't try to say women's
rights aren't as important as other
movements clearly you just don't think
women's rights is a cause worthwhile
this is not over
men keep preying upon women period you
creeped on a young teenager and then
bragged to the world you have no respect
for her or women pure your behavior is
disgusting and if you want to bring
animals into this to try to deflect from
women again if you care about animals
you need to stop portraying vegans like
this you're making all of us look like
swear words so if this if this is what
misogyny looks like so be it I mean
apparently it's misogyny for him to put
up this photograph clearing his own name
I mean the question he asked the way he
put it was we have a problem where
people believe allegations but don't
believe he'll vote but don't believe
evidence so it's okay so somebody makes
allegations but his side of the story
has evidence there were witnesses that
were photo so here's a photograph okay
but now now allegedly you're a
misogynist for sharing this photograph
of you I don't know I guess kind of half
hugging Natalie Portman okay
so here's a comment again this is a
little bit more moderate still Jesus she
was 17 in 1999 depends she turned 18
depending on the month she could've been
17 she go to 18 we don't know Mogi was
33 she was also a very wealthy movie
star I believe it's in that year she was
filming or starring in at the Phantom
Menace so Wilson just she'd already been
in several blockbuster mainstream films
but probably the single biggest budget
movie of the year she had options and
movie also had options and she chose him
so you can fault her for having bad
taste right we continue so she was 17 or
18 and 1999 Moby was 33 quote unquote
dating or not that age difference is a
little bit creeping Moby you might have
been better off to keep this on the DL
now this woman says of herself when I
was a precocious 16 year old I had a
brief thing with a man in his 30s in
retrospect knowing my naive to add that
age I just think of him now as a creepy
predator I would not describe what we
had as dating in any sense of the word
don't get me wrong
love your music love your political
stance but I do not love this men in the
30s should not pursue teenagers no
matter how quote/unquote mature they
seem their kids when I meet men who date
much younger women like this my
assumption about the men isn't that
they're creepy because in how do you
define good what does that really mean
assumption what the men is that they're
stupid so this has been talked about a
lot various celebrity controversy lately
why do some men as they get older and
older keep on dating women who kind of
just finished high school or just barely
into college or whatever it is and you
know relationships are about a lot more
than physical attraction and sex they're
also about being colleagues and washing
the dishes together and cooking together
and talking together and your common
political views and values there's a lot
that goes into it and yeah I think there
are men who are so stupid
and so fragile in their egos that they
seek out or continue having
relationships with much much younger
women so that they're not challenged so
they feel they're in control mmm
you know I you know life's full of
contradictions of course it's a
generalization what I'm just saying but
I mean maybe part of the reason for this
kind of over-the-top vitriolic discourse
about everything from women's rights to
misogyny is because we don't want to use
maybe a more blunt word like stupidity I
mean let's let's call what it is dating
an 18 year old when you're 33 is stupid
it makes you look stupid so in this
picture right here you know mo bu you
look stupid this is him with Natalie
Portman and a birthday cake or something
I don't know I know I hope it's a vegan
cake whatever some kind of cake they
together now if that were me
with natalie portman where both were
both jewish people with legit ask is
that your daughter they would they would
legit ask it
maybe they'd ask is that your
granddaughter like you know it is it is
what it is but like even even just
looking at her face here what do you
think they talked about after this photo
was taken science or history or my what
what she did in math class this week
like you know where is this where is
this really gonna go so yeah I mean I I
do judge guys who date you know 18 year
olds I do so here's here's mobis
commentary dear trolls Wilin flattered
by the attention I just don't know if
it's the best use of your time and your
life hating a stranger based on a
previously limited information I mean
when you were on your deathbed do you
really want to thank at least I spent my
time hating strangers on social media I
hear you but I don't feel you movie I
can say but then of course this of
course Moby magically reinvents this
into an opportunity to preach the vegan
message as as we all would if I got
caught sleeping with one of the cast
members of Game of Thrones no you know
this is where I take it I feel like oh
hey thanks for your interest in my sex
scandal let me tell you about our Lord
and Savior vegan Asst hopefully I
totally do the same thing movie
absolutely no doubt okay this one has
just titled a message I certainly
haven't enjoyed this last week but it's
reminded me of a couple of things one
our sense of self and well-being really
shouldn't come from the opinions of
strangers personally I think I'd become
too reliant on external validation
especially in the form of social media
trust me that has ended and too
my problems are tiny and insignificant
especially in a world where over 100
billion animals are killed by and for
human beings every year and we're facing
largely unprecedented environmental
destruction and degradation for a long
time my primary goal has been to be a
better and more effective activist who
knows maybe the insanity of this last
week will somehow help me to do that it
certainly does seem that for me or any
of us to a
says over social media when the world is
truly a falling apart is an unethical
mist of time signed mobi
but PS a reminder none of our concerns
will matter if the climate keeps rising
if the rainforest keeps disappearing and
species continue to go extinct your
longbow be your it matters we want to
know what she's 17 or was she 18 what
he's loved with her in 1999 was that
before or after they wrapped filming on
the Phantom Menace which tour was it
when she came into your what really
matters movie that's what really matters
what matters isn't our ethical conduct
making the world a better place and
coming better people ourselves know what
matters is us judging you is us tearing
you down is us letting you know how
morally superior we are to you who do
you think you are don't you know who I
think I am and the internet is not even
as finite as a pad of paper people will
never run out of blank space on
Instagram to type it it's self
aggrandizing opinions yeah is there a
world of the story
um well the story is you know what if
you're an entertainer in the 21st
century
your whole life is entertainment I tend
to think that Moby really is just
sitting back and having a laugh at this
I find it very difficult to imagine a
man at his age a man who knows the
slings and arrows of being insulted by
Eminem and confronting mmm at the MTV
Video Music Awards and maybe 2001 that
goes way back you remember that the Moby
versus Eminem clash you don't remember
that hey hey hey that was the talk of
the town whether or not that I should
have a fist fight or something
each was accusing the other of being a
homosexual and stuff it was not those
were the days those are the days when
two men could accuse each other of being
homosexuals and not be called a
misogynist or an opponent um if you are
an entertainer in the 21st century your
whole life for better and for worse is
entertainment and in mobis case it's for
better because one part of his life is
veganism and vegan activism and that's
also entertainment and that message is
also getting out he started a small
restaurant in Los Angeles
was to promote that message and it's for
worse in that something he thought was
probably a completely harmless set of
remarks in his autobiography turns out
to be this storm of controversy and why
is it a storm of controversy I think
it's partly because a lot of people
especially women have regrets like the
one I quoted a lot of people have
memories whether it's when they were 16
or 18 or whatever they had memories from
early in their life of relationships
with older people and they now look back
at that and they're full of remorse and
regret and they feel powerless when they
think of how young they were at that
time and they think maybe their life
could be different today if they hadn't
done that when they were 16 17 or 18
right and we don't know but it's
definitely possible that Natalie Portman
is one of those women who Nell looks
back at those experiences in her teenage
years and thinks she felt she was
powerful
she felt she was in control but now she
has the bitterest looking back and
feeling that she was powerless I mean
people like to disrespect my truth but
the fact is that you know my name is I
don't know